How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced?

Instead of searching the full code in the program, I was able to see just the lines which were changed and was able to identify the problem quickly.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

If there is a major bug introduced in my program because of the changes I did in my program, I can easily go to the file which does not have the bug and start again from there rather than manually deleting all the changed code.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?

Pros - The different files will have a logical change and they will work perfectly as they are rather than if they have one or more lines of code missing because of autosave.
Cons - We may forgot to commit and might lose all of our progress.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

I think git is used mainly for coding and such most of the times there would be multiple files connected to each other which should be changed together whereas Google docs is usually used for independent files and does not need this feature.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

git log is used to see all the commits which are made and using there commit ID's in git diff we can compare two version of the files.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I can easily go back to the previous version of the files and check when the bug was introduced and which lines introduced the bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

To make changes to my existing code without any fear and to check public repository of other programs.